Add RewriteFrames to correct issue with source mappings (#8116)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/eighty-panthers-rule.md

---

> "@cloudflare/workers-shared": minor

Reviewer: Is this really a bug fix?
If a minor, what is the new feature that the user is getting?

Reviewer: Really the `RewriteFrames` bit is an implementation detail.
What you are really doing here is fixing the filename on sourcemap frames sent to Sentry.

Author: Changed to patch :)

> "@cloudflare/workers-shared": minor

Reviewer 2: This is a bugfix, right? It should be a patch

---

> Adds a RewriteFrames for workers-shared sentry sourcemappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a RewriteFrames integration for workers-shared Sentry source-mappings.
```
